#####24-11-2004

##The 2004 ROSCAR Award Winners

The winners of this year's Roscar Awards - Sydney North's Rover Oscars - were announced and presented at CRAP (Christmas Rover Annual Party) on Saturday November 27.

And the winners are...

Outstanding Crew - Mt Colah/Mt Kur-ring-gai

The Crew has a varied program including outdoor, spiritual, social and service activities, regular service at Camp Ku-ring-gai, as well as Region and Group projects, attends majority of Region Rover activities, great rapport with their Group (as Leaders in some sections), very strong Venturer relations leading to increasing Crew numbers, and ran a profitable CRAP in 2003.

Outstanding Rover - John Williams

John has held the position of Region Rover Council Chairman for the second year, as well as treasurer for Epping, is a very active Crew member, present at almost all Region Rover events, and some non-Region events, helps co-ordinate and attends numerous service activities at Group, Region and community levels.

Best Activity - "The Moot Must Be Crazy"

Sydney North's 2004 Summer Moot, run by Garigal Rover Crew.

Outstanding Service Activity - Epping's Charity Trivia Night

Epping Rover Crew ran a Charity Trivia night, raising $600 for the Eating Disorders Foundation of NSW, and are continuing to support this charity, and also raise the awareness of eating disorders amongst Rovers and the Scouting community.

Outstanding Effort/Most Improved - Kissing Point

Kissing Point Rover Crew have a well balanced program which has increased membership and participation at Region and Branch Events. The Crew ran a major trip to Masthead Island for 20 people over Easter 2004 and members also attended Dragonskin. The Crew has increased their association with other youth sections - Cubs, Scouts and Venturers.

Congratulations to all the winners!

*Sydney North Region activities website December, 2004*

##Epping Rovers Nominated

Epping Rovers have been nominated in four out of five categories in the annual Roscar awards which are for Rover groups in Sydney North Region.  The nominations are for Outstanding Crew, Outstanding Rover, Outstanding Service Activity and Most Improved Crew.

Meanwhile they have enjoyed a hot, but fun weekend at their recent camp at Myall Lakes.

*The Weekly Times, November 24, 2004*